	Item	Location	Item	Location	Item	Location	Item	Location				
Dizengoff hummus	Hummus	Dizengodd										
" My fav falafel is Goldie, Alyans is also great. I just had the cheesesteak from Algorithm food truck last week and it may be the best cheesesteak I’ve ever had."	Falafel	Goldie	Cheesesteak	Algorithm	Falafel	Alyans						
"Just piling on the praise for Goldie. The falafel itself didn't necessarily stand out, it's great but that's one of those items that is reliably good wherever you go. ||But the falafel sandwhich with fries is incredible. Their tahina shakes are better than most dairy shakes I've had. Very highly reccomend that place."	Falafel sandwich	Goldie	Tahini shake	Goldie								
"Saad’s falafel over Goldie. Get the wrap with garlic sauce instead of hummus or tehini, extra pickles."	Saad's Falafel	Goldie										
"Sticking with the Han Dynasty theme from the other thread, the cucumbers in chili oil are . And any of the dips at Suraya."	Cucumbers in chili oil	Han Dynasty	Dips	Suraya								
I went to Vedge and they had a stuffed avocado that was so freakin good. Pretty much all of Vedge's menu	Stuffed avocado	Vedge										
"The crispy hip city ranch sandwich is the best chicken sandwich, and it's not even chicken"	Crispy ranch sandwich	Hip city veg										
For me I love Unit Su Vege all veg dim sum with hundreds of options. Their roasted veg duck Peking style is really good (although I've never had real duck).	All veg dim sum	Unit Su Vege	Veg peking duck	Unit Su Vege								
Used to be the vegan chicken cheese steak at Govinda's/Gourmet 2 Go. If I knew that place was gonna close I would've gone a few more times. Even when it got crazy expensive it was still worth it!	Vegan chicken cheesesteak	Govinda's										
"Just outside the city, I'm currently addicted to the spicy chik'n sandwich at PLNT Burger in the Wynnewood Whole Foods. It is perfect. They also have particularly good fries and softserve."	Spicy chik'n sandwich	PLNT Burger										
"Pizza! ||20th St. pizza is all vegan and they make their own sauces from scratch. ||Vegan meatball sandwitch from Porcos, everthing but the sauce made in house."	Pizza	20th st pizza	Vegan meatball sandwich	Porcos								
idk if it’s the best but the falafel sandwich + fries at goldie are amazing	Falafel sandwich	Goldie										
"This use to be a slam dunk answer for me - Cedar Point Veggie Wings, but when the pandemic started they switched to using a super shitty seitan, it’s 50/50 if they’ll have enough sauce on them, and a 50/50 chance they’ll be over cooked and have a burnt taste because of the brussel sprouts. LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY! ||Now my answer is a toss up between the Malai Kofta from Ekta or the Spicy DanDan Noodles from Vedge."	Malai Kofta	Ekta	Spicy DanDan Noodles	Vedge								
Thousand layer bread with potato curry dip at Rangoon (RIP)	Thousand layer dip	Rangoon										
"The best vegan thing in philly right now is a burger in Point Breeze — Second District Brewing’s Vegan Smash Burger. Also I loooove the Dirty Jerz sandwich at The Tasty. 20th street pizza is far and away the best pizza in town (better than bedia or whatever hype pie is hot atm imo). The Bahn Mi sub from Fu-Wah is a classic in the vegan community. But the all vegan platter at Hardena is my vegan comfort food, which makes it my favorite. It’s unreal. There’s a reason it’s been on TV."	Vegan smash burger	Second District Brewing										
The beet salad and the twice cooked eggplant at Zahav are tied for me.	Twice cooked eggplant	Zahav	Beet salad	Zahav								
i miss Blackbird and their ‘wings’	wings	blackbird										
Falafel from the halal cart outside the dunkin in Roxborough is 	Falafel	Roxborough Halal Cart										
Dosa from Ammas	Dosa	Ammas										
Cauliflower steak at Charlie was a sinner.	Cauliflower steak	Charlie was a sinner										
Noori Tofu at Su Xing house	Noori Tofu	Su Xing house										
The veggie combo at Abyssinia. ||Anything at Vedge. ||All of the salitims (appetizers that come with every meal) at Laser Wolf.	Veggie combo	Abyssinia	anything	vedge	Salitims	Laser Wolf						
You can't go wrong with any sandwich from Luhv in Reading Terminal	Any sandwich	Luhv										
"i love banh mi, so for me its the lemongrass tofu banh mi from QT or literally any of the veggie banh mi from ba le"	Lemongrass tofu banh mi	QT	Veggie banh mi	Ba Le								
"They've sadly closed but Kabul had a dumpling sample platter that was outstanding. I think Ariana has something similar, but I haven't been there in ages. ||Afghan food in general is amazing, underrated and very vegetarian-friendly."	Dumpling sample platter	Kabul										
Same answer as before: tofu satay at Penang	Tofu Satay	Penang										
The garlic fried eggplant at Chengdu Famous Food	Garlic fried eggplant	Chengdu Famous Food										
"You already know the good word about triangle tavern, but the vegan cheesesteak at good dog bar is also really solid."	Vegan Cheesesteak	good dog bar										
"im not a vegetarian or vegan just a very picky eater when it comes to meat lol, so i can give you two of my non meat faves:||&#x200B;||hand drawn peanut noodles with chili oil at Nan Zhou in Chinatown||&#x200B;||tomato pie from Beddia||&#x200B;||edit: also the potato latkes from Dibruno"	peanut noodles with chili oil	Nan Zhou	Tomato pie	Beddia	Potato Latkes	Dibruno						
"The veggie buffalo chicken pizza from Pizza Plus is amazing as someone who loves buffalo chicken everything. For some reason they fall for the same fallacy many places do and use ranch instead of blue cheese; gotta have them sub it out.. If it's buff, it's gotta be blue.||Also south philly tap room vegan buff wings - but they have to be sliced thin, extra sauce, and ask to fry them jawns hard. They look at me like crazy and the slice is really luck of the draw but it make all the difference.||Edit - for cheesesteak, the best I've had so far was Campos impossible, but you can basically make this at home with little effort. Triangle Tavern is meh IMO but their meatball with sharp prov is the the jam."	Veggie buffalo chicken pizza	pizza plus	Vegan buffalo wings	South philly tap room	Impossible Cheesesteak	Campos						
"Seitan wings, also Triangle Tavern,  Hands-down the gold standard in vegan wings."	Seitan wings	Triangle Tavern										
"any item, any day, any time of year at Vedge."	anything	Vedge										
"The seared maitake mushroom and celery root fritter at Vedge, although it doesn't seem to be on the menu at the moment. It's hard to choose though, Philadelphia is teeming with great vegan/vegetarian food."	Maitake mushroom and celery root fritter	Vedge										
"Unit Su Vege, the bao buns, roast pork…really everything there is amazing"	Bao buns	Unit Su Vege	Roast Pork	Unit Su Vege								
"Everything at Primary Plant based. Their menu changes frequently, so go often to try it all!"	Anything	Primary Plant based										
vegan jawn at martha is amazing. I can’t tell you how many I have eaten over the last few years.	vegan jawn	martha										
I've never had a bad thing from tattooed mom's vegan menu. The cheese they use for their sandwiches is some of the best vegan cheese I've had.||Definitely saving this thread though for some good veggie/vegan options the next time my friend tries to drag me to Goldie	anything	tattoed mom										
"Got a screamin' V chicken sando at triangle yesterday, also had a great po'boy at khyber recently. Same company, food at both places best its ever been. ||Tofu Cheesecake at More Sugar is 10/10||Mapo tofu (- pork) from Nan Zhou Hand drawn noodles||Any Hardena vegan option ||Falafel at Liberty Choice||I realize that this was supposed to be 1 option but fight me."	Screamin' V chicken sandwich	Triangle Tavern	po'boy	khyber	tofu cheesesteak	More Sugar	Mapo tofu	Nan Zhou				
Phoagie at middle child!	Phoagie	Middle child										
Salatim at Laserwolf and it isn't close	Salatim	Laserwolf										
"Used to be the steamed bun at New Harmony, RIP. The sticky pickled peach sandwich from Algorithm is amazing, I also love burgers from PLNT Burger right now."	Steamed bun	New Harmony	Sticky pickled peach sandwich	Algorithm	Burgers	PLNT Burger						
El camino’s seitan wings are AMAZING. Like just order them every time you go regardless of what else you order.	Seitan wings	El Camino										
"I don't think the place exists anymore, but New Harmony Vegetarian in Chinatown had a mock duck dish that remains the single best food I've ever had in my life that wasn't real fried chicken or steak."	Mock duck	New Harmony										
"* hands down best vegan meal is at miss rachel's pantry, liked it way more than vedge and the vibe there is incredible|* haymaker pizza from 20th street pizza, just get it|* whatever burrito from tacotacomexican in west philly, used to be an all vegan place called honest toms and the owner sold it to the employees so they kept a few of the vegan options|* mama's vegetarian was the best falafel :'( goldie is good, theres a place in reading terminal called Jamals or something that was pretty decent too|* 2nd district brewery has some good stuff but honestly I go there for the spicy cauliflower bites. if you make a reservation at miss rachel's, this is right around the corner so you can get some drinks beforehand|* pretty hyped to try chatayee thai"	Haymaker pizza	20th st pizza	Any burrito	Tacotacomexican	Falafel	Mom's vegetarian	Spicy Cauliflower bites	Miss Rachel's				
"This may be cheating but I recently had the ""meatball"" at Charlie was a Sinner and it was friggin delicious. Their sliders were great as well. For context, I'm a meat-eater who never really gave much thought to plant-based restaurants."	Meatball	Charlie was a sinner										
"Idk if it is the best, but the beet salad at the POPE is pretty good."	Beet salad	POPE (Pub on Passyunk East)										
"Recently, I think the Grizzli at Grindcore House (West). The biscuit is just so rich and satisfying, and I don't know how they get Tofu to taste like that.   |||Thanks for posting this question! I was scrolling through the last one and read like 10 pork shoulders before seeing something vegan "	Grizzli	Grindcore house										
"Tonarelli cacio e pepe, Fiorella's.||Plain pie, Pizzeria Beddia."	Tanrelli cacio e pepe	Fiorella	Plain pie	Pizzeria Beddia								
Cheese slice from Randazzos	Cheese slice	Randazzos										
Su Xing's General Tso Seitan!	General Tso Seitan	Su Xing										
The Chickie Pickie at Tmoms. Lots of other great veg/vegan stuff too!	Chickie Pickie	tattoed mom										
The Balboa at Blackbird Pizza (RIP).  Hands-down my favorite vegan dish.	Balboa	blackbird										
Los Caballitos on E Passyunk has seitan fajitas I dream about.	Seitan fajitas	Los caballitos										
Imeruli or Adjaruli at Georgian Bread is my current obsession	Imureli	Georgian Bread	Adjaruli	Georgian Bread								
any carrot dish from Pumpkin BYOB; if there's a carrot dish on the menu there i will order it every. time. ||I don't know what farm they source from but one of my favorite dishes I've ever had was a carrot assortment they had as a second course and it took me on a literal taste journey I'd never have before.	Any carrot dish	Pumpkin BYOB										
"I'm with you on the Ethiopian. Almaz Cafe, Abyssinia, Kaffa Crossing, and Dahlak all have great veggie platters."	Anything	Almaz Café	Anything	Abyssinia								
Buffalo Cauliflower @ Front St. Cafe	Buffalo cauliflower	Front St. Café										
The empanadas at Bar Bombón in Rittenhouse Square	Empanadas	Bar Bombon										
My go-tos are|| yellow sauce Goldies sandwich combo with shawarma fries and Turkish coffee shake||Or||Martha mi hoagie from Martha	Martha my hoagie	Martha	Yellow sauce goldie sandwich combo with shwarma fries	Goldie								
The braised greens pide at Stina Pizzeria. Get the carrot appetizer too!	Braised greens pide	Stina Pizzeria										
"Not vegan, but potato, egg, and cheese with broccoli rabe or long hots from Johnny’s Hots is so good. Rivals their scrapple sandwich even which is decidedly not vegetarian."	Potato egg and chease with broccoli rabe	Johnny's hots										
I haven’t been since before the pandemic but the veggie Italian from Cook and Shaker in Olde Richmond is the best vegetarian sandwich I’ve ever had. They used to also have amazing veggie wings but they stopped showing up on the menu	Veggie italian	Cook and Shaker										
"Abe Fishers cauliflower steak, simply divine."	Cauliflower steak	Abe Fishers										
I still miss Govinda's. That pepper steak was to die for.	Pepper steak	Govinda's										
Dan Dan: crispy spicy cucumbers. A must-order every time	Crispy spicy cucumbers	Dan Dan										
"Definitely expensive, but the whole menu at Vedge is amazing"	Anything	vedge										
"Vegan wings (absolute favorite, I order them every time even though I eat meat) and Veggie cheesesteak at The Abbaye in nolibs.||Bourbon and Branch has a lot of great vegan/vegan stuff too. Have enjoyed all of it though they changed their vegan wings and now they suck. They have great pan pizza and sandwiches."	Vegan wings	The Abbaye	Cheesesteak	Abbaye								
Is Blackbird Cafe still open? Their vegan pizza and vegan wings were amazing when I went there before covid times.	Pizza	Blackbird										
"Used to be the Brussels sprouts at Local 44, now it’s the Brussels sprouts at The Love because they come with a very righteous cheese fondue."	Brussel sprouts	Local 44	Brussel sprouts	The Love								
Fried asparagus at Villa di Roma or spicy fried broccoli from Fox & Son (in Reading Terminal)	Fried asparagus	Villa di Roma	Spicy fried broccoli	Fox and Son								
"I’m telling you, the smash burger at pom pom is ridiculous."	Smash burger	Pom Pom										
My partner was vegetarian for many years and our favorite was the seitan cheesesteak at Monk's.	Seitan cheesesteak	Monk's										
Felafel and hummus sandwich at Saad’s (45th & Walnut). It’s enormous and only $6.	Falafel and hummus sandwich	Saad's										
My partner and I moved away from Philly a few years ago but still talk about the wings at Blackbird once a month or so.	wings	blackbird										
The tofu wings at Cedar Point are amazing	Tofu wings	Cedar point										
I get the sweet thai chili seitan wings at Cantina Dos Segundos in nolibs like once a week. Their whole menu slaps and they have bomb margs. Can’t recommend enough. ||Miss Rachels is the best upscale vegan place in the city imo||And special shout out to whatever Triangle’s pizza special is	chili seitan wings	Cantina Dos Segundos	Anything	Miss Rachels								
Edamame dumplings at Buddakhan. ||Any of the veg options at Dizengoff.	Edamame dumplings	Buddakhan	Anything	Dizengoff								
Best falafel I've had is at the middle eastern place in reading terminal.||Edit to add: I've had Goldies and their salt level is just insane :(	Falafel	Middle eastern place in reading terminal										
Italian Hoagie from Grindcore	Italian hoagie	Grindcore house										
"hands down Pot de creme, there used to be a place in NoLibs called ""Koo-zee-doo"" it was like chocolate sex in a cup... its been closed for awhile though."	Pot de crème	koo-zee-doo										
The egg and cheese biscuit sandwich at Molly Mallory’s at RTM	Egg and cheese biscuit	Molly Mallory's										
Ravioli Vasto at Palizzi Social Club	Ravioli Vasto	Palizzi Social Club										
Veggie wings at Juana Tamale are insane	Wings	Juana tamale										
"The [Khao Soi](https://i.imgur.com/jlNvQxM.jpg) with tofu and/or veggies at Trio BYOB up in Fairmount. Literally opened my eyes to Thai food, always thought it was just meh before then."	Khao Soi	Trio BYOB										
Veg Thali at Amma’s	Veg Thali	Ammas										
the tomato pie at cafe carmela’s	Tomato pie	Café Carmelas										
"Monks has a pretty delicious seitan cheesesteak |Goldie and diz are delicious, as is that egg and cheese sandwich at k’far"	Seitan cheesesteak	Monk's	Egg and cheese sandwich	k'far								
Eight Treasure Bean Curd Clay Pot at Unit Su Vege.	Eight treasure bean curd clay pot	Unit Su Vege										
Joes vegan cheesesteak is my wet dream	Cheesesteak	Joes vegan										
The Brussel sprouts at bing bing are the best thing on the menu!	Brussel sprouts	Bing bing										
I like to get Liang pi and biang biang noodles at Xian Sizzling Wok in Chinatown. It's street food from the Chinese city Xian. I know it says single item but I can't get one without the other! They're cheap enough to get both.	Liang pi	Xian Siggling Wok										
"If you havent had the Gobi Masala from New Delhi you're missing out. (Their samosas slap pretty hard too, IMO). I'm veggie myself, hi!"	Gobi Masala	New Delhi										
Don’t sleep on the tofu bahn mi at Local 44. Those pickled veggies are to die for	Tofu bahn mi	local 44										
The Abbaye in NoLibs has Korean Fried Cauliflower that I'm super into. Now every time my mom comes to visit she makes us go there.	Korean fried cauliflower	Abbaye										
Algorithm's Reuben Sandwich is almost unbeatable. I would agree with every Goldie and Triangle Tavern comment as well. Triangle's Country Sweet Vegan Wings are my weekly go-to for takeout.	Reuben Sandwich	Algorithm	Country Sweet vegan wings	Traingle Tavern								
"Tofu banh mi from Streetside is the truth||And I’ll second anything on Alyan’s menu, best falafel in the city IMO (also great kibbi for any meat eating friends)"	Tofu banh mi	Streetside	Falafel	Alyan								
- the grizzli breakfast sandwich at grindcore. the miss rachel’s biscuits are insane||- vegan chorizo burrito at cantina (i also like loco pez but have had better luck at the fishtown location than the one in west)||- hipcity’s nuggets with their house sauce||- monster vegan’s fried oreos/fried nutter butter||- triangle tavern mozzarella sticks or whatever crazy vegan special they’re offering at the time||- (RIP) blackbird’s seitan parm. haven’t been able to find another in the city that compares :(	Grizzli	Grindcore house	vegan chorizo burrito	cantina	biscuits	miss rachel's						
Probably the mushroom burger at Hip City Veg.	mushroom burger	Hip city veg										
My pick would probably be Kalaya's dry red curry but close runners-up to Martha's vegan hoagie and White Yak's veg thenthuk and veg firecracker Momo.	Dry red curry	Kalaya's	Vegan hoagie	Martha								
"Not vegan, but the vegetarian cheesesteak from Monk's is amazing!"	cheesesteak	Monk's										
The karai yasai ramen at nom nom ramen is (imo) the best veggie ramen in the city	karai yasai ramen	nom nom ramen										
"Nashville hot from Algorithm food truck is so damn good. It is not even a little healthy, except for your soul."	Nshvilla hot	algorithm										
National Mechanics has a really phenomenal veggie burger.	veggie burger	national mechanics										
The Korean Style Fried Tofu at Charlie Was a Sinner is insane	Korean style fried tofu	Charlie was a sinner										
Eggplant at Royal Izakaya (I don't know for sure that this is Veg but I suspect it is).	Eggplant	Royal Izakaya										
Gorgonzola Gnocchi from Fiorino in East Falls. Add some of their sun-dried tomato pesto (gratis) to it.	Gorgonzola Gnocchi	Fiorino										
Black Bean burger or Patterson veggie burger from Sister Muhammad’s	Black bean burger	Sister Muhammad's										
Vegan Jawn at Martha - tastes just like an italian hoagie i crave it all the time as a non-vegan	Vegan Jawn	Martha										
The eggplant rolatini at Dante and Luigi’s. Heavenly.	Eggplant rolatini	Dante and luigi's										
The Mushrooms and Cauliflower at [Izakaya by Yanaga](https://www.byyanaga.com/).	Mushroom and cauliflower	Izakaya by Yanage										
Brussels Sprout tacos at Jose Pistola's. They are incredible.	Brussel sprout tacos	Jose pistolas										
• Brussels sprout tacos at Sancho Pistolas|• Salatim at Zahav and/or Laserwolf|• hummus at dizengof|• Kung Pao Cauliflower from Cheu Noodle Bar |• Tomato Pie from Beddia and Tomato Pie from Shackamaxon |• Escarole and Beans from Palizzi	Brussel sprout tacos	Sancho pistolas	Salatim	Zahav	Salatim	Laserwolf	hummus	dizengof	tomato pie	beddia	tomato pie	shackamaxon
"Forget the exact name, but the mushroom pizza at vetri is pretty damn good if you're looking for something on the pricier end. ||Hummus and pita from Diezengoff is definitely up there for me too. That plus a the lemon ice drink and some fresh pickles is hard to beat for a summer lunch."	mushroom pizza	vetri	hummus and pita	Deizengoff								
Tofu hoagie at Fu Wah is still consistently excellent.  Never been disappointed.	Tofu hoagie	Fu wah										
"The vegan enchiladas at Sor Ynez in Fishtown are excellent. They had a really incredible stuffed pepper dish for Philly Vegan Restaurant Week, too. ||All the vegan hand pies at Young American Hard Cider in Germantown are insane. ||And, lots of shout-outs for Algorithim in here already, but gotta add they're amazing breakfast sandwich. Love the Grindcore House breakfast sammies as well."	Vegan enchiladas	Sor Ynez	Vegan hand pies	Young American Hard Cider	Breakfast sandwich	algorithm						
"Apricot stone in Northern Liberties. Falafel plate with lentils, babaganoush and lebni"	Apricot stone	northern liberties										
Mushroom Pizza at Pizzeria Vetri	mushroom pizza	pizzeria vetri										
"20th st pizza is some of the best pizza I’ve ever had, and I’m not even vegan. I’d also highly recommend Unit Suh Vege if you like Chinese food. Make sure to get something that has their steamed buns "	pizza	20th st pizza	Steamed buns	Unit Su Vege								
"Tofu king soup at Vientiane, seitan wings from south Philly tap room or triangle tavern"	Tofu king soup	Vientiane	Seitan wings	Triangle tavern	Seitan wings	South philly tap rom						
Interstate draft house in fishtown has the best sriram wings I have ever had the pleasure of devouring. And there bean burger is fantastic though I usually ask for it cooked hard.	Seitan wings	interstate drafthouse										
Zahav hummus. Always and forever.	hummus	Zahav										
"Vegan ramen at taco & ramen on south st, and some Sichuan at Han Dynasty in olde city"	vegan ramen	ramen										
Saag paneer at karma in old city omg (veg not vegan)	Saag paneer	Karma										
Elotes at Nemi	Elotes	Nemi										
Anything I have had from unsoul food has been amazing	Anything	Unsoul										
"wings from triangle tavern, and the shitake dan dan noodles at bing bing. baba ganoush at suraya. oh damn, and the mickey g from grindcore! there's a lot of amazing veg food here, it's hard to narrow down to just one thing. (:"	wings	Triangle Tavern	shitake dan dan noodles	bing bing	baba ganoush	suraya	mickey g	grindcore				
The smoked coconut club at Memphis Taproom is 	smoked coconut club	Memphis taproom										
"Best falafel, Saad's in West Philly.||Best vegan sandwich place is gonna be Blackbird near the Spring Garden stop||Edit : apparently Blackbird is permanently closed as of the 20th :'("	falafel	saad's										
Vientiane (Laotian food in south Philly and Kensington) sells this crispy rice salad… so goddamn delish!!	crispy rice salad	Vientiane										
"The hummus at Saraya.||Not sure if it's vegan or not, but it's fucking amazing."	Hummus	Saraya										
Lorenzo’s Pizza	Pizza	Lorenzo's pizza										
"Bar Bombon: Peruvian yuca with the aji amarillo sauce, castletrevano olives, fried capers, and cilantro"	Peruvian yuza	bar bombon										
"The spicy cutlet sandwich from Veganish. And the crab cake sandwich and fries at Boardwalk Vegan in Havertown, if you’re ever making your way through Delco."	Spicy cutlet sandwich	Veganish	Crab cake sandwich	boardwalk vegan								
"When I lived there it was Veggie Lovers, New Dehli and Sitar."	Veggie lovers	New Delhi										
"The eggplant at Hardena, second place: anything else at Hardena"	Eggplant	Hardena										
"I wish it was still open late but El Hefe quinoa burrito was great post-work at 230/3am lol ||The Henry at Dolores is awesome (vegetarian)||Hibiscus Cafe’s veg Pattie’s and their chickpea curry. ||The tempeh/tofu, eggplant and jackfruit at Hardena ||And I wish it was still around but Royal Tavern’s tempeh club sandwich was so bangin, it completely opened my world to how to cook with tempeh."	quinoa burrito	heffe tacos										
Did I stutter?||House special at Woody's.	House special	woody's										
